Mention --full-help in installation section (#3178)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_configuring-installation.adoc

.Considerations

> * Use the `{installer-scenario} --help` command to display the available options and any default values.

Reviewer: I wonder if this line should mention that it lists only the commonly used options, but I couldn't come up with a decent phrasing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Use the `{installer-scenario} --help` command to display the most commonly used options and any default values.
```

> * For advanced installation options, use `{installer-scenario} --full-help`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Use the `{installer-scenario} --full-help` command to display advanced options.
```

This is to keep the list item parallel to the one before, this helps users navigate the text more quickly.

> If you do not specify any values, the default values are used.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
This used to be part of the first bullet item. You could move the line back to the first bullet but I recommend to drop it. (Default values are always used by default, no need to explain it.)
